[Music]
to import videos taken in the reporter
app to your Cutting Room you will need
to log into the app with your
[Music]
account when shooting videos in the app
you do not need to worry about setting
the frame rate nor resolution as this is
done by your admin before recording your
videos we recommend that you title them
this makes it easier to search for your
content in Cutting Room remember that
you cannot title your video after
recording them if multiple recordings
are to be used for the same story or
type of content you can set the title
before recording the first video and we
add a sequential number for each video
that is recorded with that title to view
your existing videos click on the play
screen in the bottom left corner of the
app when clicking on a specific video
you can view the progress of uploads
depending on the settings in The Cutting
Room tenant you can have different
destination folders to which you can
send any recorded videos in the app
click on the current destination if your
admin has set up more you will get a
menu to choose your destination from
Furthermore when clicking on the plus
sign in the top left corner you can send
videos that you already have on your
phone or on a connected SD card directly
to your Cutting
Room by default all recorded videos are
automatically sent to your Cutting Room
as soon as possible to turn Autos send
off simply click the cloud button on the
left side of the app when Autos send is
off you will have to review the
recording in my recent media before it
is sent to The Cutting Room tenant when
Autos send is off you are able to rename
the video before sending it to The
Cutting Room
[Music]
tenant in settings you can decide
whether reporter will send your videos
only when connected to Wi-Fi or also
send using your mobile network
[Music]